Add notes to README regarding short-lived tokens (#41)
gradle/gradle-enterprise-gitlab-templates: README.md

## Requirements
> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Develocity 2024.1 or above is required starting from template 1.3.0 and above. See [here](#short-lived-access-tokens) for more infos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Develocity 2024.1 or above is required starting from version `1.3.0` and above. See [here](#short-lived-access-tokens) for more infos.
```

To authenticate against the Develocity server, you should specify a masked environment variable named `DEVELOCITY_ACCESS_KEY`.
See [here](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/variables/#define-a-cicd-variable-in-the-ui) on how to do this in GitLab UI.
To generate a Develocity Access Key, you can check [Develocity Gradle plugin docs](https://docs.gradle.com/enterprise/gradle-plugin/#manual_access_key_configuration) and [Develocity Maven extension docs](https://docs.gradle.com/enterprise/maven-extension/#manual_access_key_configuration).

### Short-lived access tokens
A short-lived access token will be retrieved given the access key and will replace the `DEVELOCITY_ACCESS_KEY` variable content.

> If a short-lived token fails to be retrieved (for example the Develocity server version is lower than 2024.1), no access key will be set.

Reviewer: What happens if no access key will be set? Please add this to the edits I did below.

> For more infos on short-lived token, see [Develocity API documentation](https://docs.gradle.com/develocity/api-manual/#short_lived_access_tokens).

Reviewer 2: Should we perhaps say "For more information on..."

> A short-lived access token will be retrieved given the access key and will replace the `DEVELOCITY_ACCESS_KEY` variable content.
> If a short-lived token fails to be retrieved (for example the Develocity server version is lower than 2024.1), no access key will be set.
> For more infos on short-lived token, see [Develocity API documentation](https://docs.gradle.com/develocity/api-manual/#short_lived_access_tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Develocity access keys are long-lived, creating risks if they are leaked. To avoid this, users can use short-lived access tokens to authenticate with Develocity. Access tokens can be used wherever an access key would be used. Access tokens are only valid for the Develocity instance that created them.

If a short-lived token fails to be retrieved (for example, if the Develocity server version is lower than `2024.1`), no access key will be set.

For more information on short-lived tokens, see [Develocity API documentation](https://docs.gradle.com/develocity/api-manual/#short_lived_access_tokens).
```
